Clarify impact of --cfg loom useage (#159)
tokio-rs/loom: README.md

use crate::sync::AtomicUsize;
```

> If you have tokio dependencies in your project, you may wish to choose a cfg flag 

Reviewer: May be worth saying 
```suggestion
If you have any dependencies in your project which also use `loom`, you may wish to choose a cfg flag 
```
or similar? It's definitely possible for similar issues to occur with other libraries...

Author: Good point!
